blog1#
 
/
Cumin is a popular spice and uses in Asian and Latin American dishes. 
It creates a delicate aroma in food. It is also superb for health.
 Cumin is great to detox your body naturally and burn fats.
 My purpose for writing this article is basically to share how I 
 lose 5 kg weight in a month without dieting and exercise. 
 Sounds impossible? But, I did this with just drinking regularly cumin water.
 I got many other benefits with it that is also described below.
 How to Make Weight Loss Drink
 These are 3 drinks that make you lose weight and you will be able to get a smart look.

Cucumber Drink for Bed Time
This drink helps to speed up weight loss at bed time. Drink it before one hour to sleep.

Ingredients
Ginger ½ inch piece (grated)
Lemon half (juice)
Cucumber ½ (slices)
Coriander leaves 3-4 stalks (chopped)
Directions
Take 2 glasses of water in a small jug and add all ingredients into water.
Now grind it or blend it in blender.
Filter and pour in a glass and drink.
Take healthy food while drinking it.
 Avoid sweets, baker food and junk food to get a quick result.
 Drink it for 1 week before bed time to shed off belly fats.

Instant Belly Fat Burner Drink
This is one of the healthy morning drinks to lose weight. The drink boosts metabolism and speed up the weight loss process.

Ingredients
Black cumin seeds 1 tbsp
Green tea powder 1 tbsp
Mint leaves 2-3 stalks (chopped)
Ginger ½ inch (grated)
Lemon 1
Honey 1 tsp for each cup
Directions
Take a sauce pan and add 3 cups of water.
As it starts simmering, add cumin seeds, green tea powder, mint leaves and ginger. Simmer at slow flame for 5 minutes.
Once it done, remove from heat and squeeze lemon juice in it.
Filter the water. Add in honey before drinking.
Drink one cup after having breakfast in the morning and one cup after having dinner.
 Prepare it in the morning, after drinking 1 cup, keep rest in fridge.
 This is best lose weight drinking water. Just follow this drink for 5 days and see the results.
 
 Honey and Cinnamon Weight Loss Drink
 Ingredients
Water 250 ML
Cinnamon powder 1 tsp
Honey 2 tbsp
Directions
Add water in a sauce pan. Allow to boil water for 2-3 minutes.
Then add cinnamon powder in water. Turn off the flame and allow the water to cool.
Now add honey and drink it.
Drink half cup of water daily before sleep and rest of it next morning before breakfast.
 Hope you will get positive result by drinking this tea.
 
 blog for lemonade recipes.
 
1- Watermelon Mint Lemonade Recipe
Beat that heat with this blessing of summer lemonade drink. If you are unable to get a sweet watermelon, add honey or sugar according to your taste.

Ingredients

Watermelon chunks 1 medium bowl
Water 1 glass
Lemon juice 4 tsp
Mint springs a handful
Sugar 1 tbsp (optional)
Ice
Directions

Blend together watermelon chunks, water, lemon juice, mint leaves and sugar.
Pour it through a strainer to separate remaining seeds.
Add ice in glasses, pour over watermelon lemonade and serve.

2-Peach Lemonade Recipe 
Ingredients

Water 4 cups
Fresh peaches 2 (peeled and sliced)
Sugar ½ cup
Fresh lemon juice ½ cup
Ice
Mint spring for garnish
Directions

In a small sauce pan, add 2 cups water, peach slices and sugar.
Allow to boil at medium heat until sugar dissolved and peaches are softened about 5-7 minutes.
Remove from heat, cool the mixture and pour into blender and blend it.
Strain through a sieve in a large pitcher. Stir in lemon juice, remaining 2 cups water and ice.
Pour into tall glasses, garnish with mint springs and serve.

3-Strawberry Lemonade Recipe
Ingredients

Strawberry chunks 3 cups (375g)
 Freshly squeezed lemon juice ½ cup
Sugar syrup 1 cup
Water 4 cups
Ice
Directions

Add strawberry chunks and ¼ cup water into blender and blend until smooth.
Sieve pureed strawberries over a large jug.
Add sugar syrup, lemon juice, water and ice. Stir everything.
Serve chilled strawberry lemonade.































 

 
 





















